Update doc about WriteNanAsString option of Yson::SerializeJson (#10259)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/udf/list/yson.md

## Yson::SerializeJson {#ysonserializejson}

```yql
Yson::SerializeJson(Resource<'Yson2.Node'>{Flags:AutoMap}, [Resource<'Yson2.Options'>?, SkipMapEntity:Bool?, EncodeUtf8:Bool?, WriteNanAsString:Bool?]) -> Json?
```

* `SkipMapEntity` serializes `#` values in dictionaries. The value of attributes is not affected by the flag. By default, `false`.
* `EncodeUtf8` responsible for escaping non-ASCII characters. By default, `false`.

> * `WriteNanAsString` allows serializing `NaN` and `Inf` values as a string. By default, `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `WriteNanAsString` allows serializing `NaN` and `Inf` values as strings. By default, `false`.
```
